MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 AESTHETIX-ai

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Additional Terms and Conditions:

1. **Acknowledgement**: You may not use the name of the copyright holder or the names of its contributors without prior written permission for promotional purposes or to imply an endorsement of your version of the software.

2. **License Grant**: This license grants you the right to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, subject to the condition that you include this license notice in all copies of the Software or substantial portions thereof.

3. **Modification**: If you modify or extend the Software, you must document your changes and include the modifications in your version. Any modifications or derivative works must be distributed under the terms of this license.

4. **No Warranty**: The Software is provided "as is", and the copyright holders make no warranties regarding its use. You assume all risks associated with using the Software, including but not limited to errors, bugs, or issues arising from incompatibility with other software or hardware.

5. **Liability Disclaimer**: In no event shall the authors, copyright holders, or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

6. **Distribution**: If you distribute the Software, you must include this license and copyright notice in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. You may not impose additional restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.

7. **Termination**: This license is automatically terminated if you breach any of its terms. Upon termination, you must immediately cease all use, distribution, and modification of the Software.

8. **Compatibility with Other Licenses**: This license does not grant you any rights to use the trademarks, service marks, or other intellectual property rights of the copyright holder or contributors except as expressly provided under this license.

By using this Software, you agree to the terms of this license. If you do not agree, you must not use or distribute the Software.
